c:\users\loki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MLLibraiesBenchmark\MLLibraiesBenchmark\bin\Debug\MLLibraiesBenchmark.exe.config
c:\users\loki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MLLibraiesBenchmark\MLLibraiesBenchmark\bin\Debug\Accord.dll.config
c:\users\loki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MLLibraiesBenchmark\MLLibraiesBenchmark\bin\Debug\MLLibraiesBenchmark.exe
c:\users\loki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MLLibraiesBenchmark\MLLibraiesBenchmark\bin\Debug\MLLibraiesBenchmark.pdb
c:\users\loki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MLLibraiesBenchmark\MLLibraiesBenchmark\bin\Debug\Accord.dll
c:\users\loki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MLLibraiesBenchmark\MLLibraiesBenchmark\bin\Debug\Accord.MachineLearning.dll
c:\users\loki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MLLibraiesBenchmark\MLLibraiesBenchmark\bin\Debug\Accord.Math.dll
c:\users\loki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MLLibraiesBenchmark\MLLibraiesBenchmark\bin\Debug\Accord.Statistics.dll
c:\users\loki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MLLibraiesBenchmark\MLLibraiesBenchmark\bin\Debug\numl.dll
c:\users\loki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MLLibraiesBenchmark\MLLibraiesBenchmark\bin\Debug\Accord.xml
c:\users\loki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MLLibraiesBenchmark\MLLibraiesBenchmark\bin\Debug\Accord.MachineLearning.xml
c:\users\loki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MLLibraiesBenchmark\MLLibraiesBenchmark\bin\Debug\Accord.Math.xml
c:\users\loki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MLLibraiesBenchmark\MLLibraiesBenchmark\bin\Debug\Accord.Statistics.xml
c:\users\loki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MLLibraiesBenchmark\MLLibraiesBenchmark\bin\Debug\numl.pdb
c:\users\loki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MLLibraiesBenchmark\MLLibraiesBenchmark\bin\Debug\numl.xml
c:\users\loki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MLLibraiesBenchmark\MLLibraiesBenchmark\obj\Debug\MLLibraiesBenchmark.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\loki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MLLibraiesBenchmark\MLLibraiesBenchmark\obj\Debug\MLLibraiesBenchmark.exe
c:\users\loki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MLLibraiesBenchmark\MLLibraiesBenchmark\obj\Debug\MLLibraiesBenchmark.pdb
C:\Users\loki\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MLLibraiesBenchmark\MLLibraiesBenchmark\bin\Debug\encog-core-cs.dll
C:\Users\loki\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MLLibraiesBenchmark\MLLibraiesBenchmark\bin\Debug\BenchmarkDotNet.dll
C:\Users\loki\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MLLibraiesBenchmark\MLLibraiesBenchmark\bin\Debug\BenchmarkDotNet.xml
C:\Users\loki\Desktop\ML-dotnet\MLTools\MLLibraiesBenchmark\MLLibraiesBenchmark\bin\Debug\MLLibraiesBenchmark.exe.config
C:\Users\loki\Desktop\ML-dotnet\MLTools\MLLibraiesBenchmark\MLLibraiesBenchmark\obj\Debug\MLLibraiesBenchmark.exe
C:\Users\loki\Desktop\ML-dotnet\MLTools\MLLibraiesBenchmark\MLLibraiesBenchmark\obj\Debug\MLLibraiesBenchmark.pdb
C:\Users\loki\Desktop\ML-dotnet\MLTools\MLLibraiesBenchmark\MLLibraiesBenchmark\obj\Debug\MLLibraiesBenchmark.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\loki\Desktop\ML-dotnet\MLTools\MLLibraiesBenchmark\MLLibraiesBenchmark\bin\Debug\Accord.dll.config
C:\Users\loki\Desktop\ML-dotnet\MLTools\MLLibraiesBenchmark\MLLibraiesBenchmark\bin\Debug\MLLibraiesBenchmark.exe
C:\Users\loki\Desktop\ML-dotnet\MLTools\MLLibraiesBenchmark\MLLibraiesBenchmark\bin\Debug\MLLibraiesBenchmark.pdb
C:\Users\loki\Desktop\ML-dotnet\MLTools\MLLibraiesBenchmark\MLLibraiesBenchmark\bin\Debug\Accord.dll
C:\Users\loki\Desktop\ML-dotnet\MLTools\MLLibraiesBenchmark\MLLibraiesBenchmark\bin\Debug\Accord.MachineLearning.dll
C:\Users\loki\Desktop\ML-dotnet\MLTools\MLLibraiesBenchmark\MLLibraiesBenchmark\bin\Debug\Accord.Math.dll
C:\Users\loki\Desktop\ML-dotnet\MLTools\MLLibraiesBenchmark\MLLibraiesBenchmark\bin\Debug\Accord.Statistics.dll
C:\Users\loki\Desktop\ML-dotnet\MLTools\MLLibraiesBenchmark\MLLibraiesBenchmark\bin\Debug\BenchmarkDotNet.dll
C:\Users\loki\Desktop\ML-dotnet\MLTools\MLLibraiesBenchmark\MLLibraiesBenchmark\bin\Debug\encog-core-cs.dll
C:\Users\loki\Desktop\ML-dotnet\MLTools\MLLibraiesBenchmark\MLLibraiesBenchmark\bin\Debug\numl.dll
C:\Users\loki\Desktop\ML-dotnet\MLTools\MLLibraiesBenchmark\MLLibraiesBenchmark\bin\Debug\Accord.xml
C:\Users\loki\Desktop\ML-dotnet\MLTools\MLLibraiesBenchmark\MLLibraiesBenchmark\bin\Debug\Accord.MachineLearning.xml
C:\Users\loki\Desktop\ML-dotnet\MLTools\MLLibraiesBenchmark\MLLibraiesBenchmark\bin\Debug\Accord.Math.xml
C:\Users\loki\Desktop\ML-dotnet\MLTools\MLLibraiesBenchmark\MLLibraiesBenchmark\bin\Debug\Accord.Statistics.xml
C:\Users\loki\Desktop\ML-dotnet\MLTools\MLLibraiesBenchmark\MLLibraiesBenchmark\bin\Debug\BenchmarkDotNet.xml
C:\Users\loki\Desktop\ML-dotnet\MLTools\MLLibraiesBenchmark\MLLibraiesBenchmark\bin\Debug\numl.pdb
C:\Users\loki\Desktop\ML-dotnet\MLTools\MLLibraiesBenchmark\MLLibraiesBenchmark\bin\Debug\numl.xml
